Update EPO tutorial to use new astro buildkit (#2116)
astronomer/docs: learn/external-python-operator.md

In this tutorial, you'll learn how to use the [ExternalPythonOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/operator/python.html#externalpythonoperator) to run a task that leverages the [Snowpark API](https://www.snowflake.com/snowpark/) for data transformations. Snowpark allows you to run queries and transformations on your data using different programming languages, making it a flexible addition to traditional Snowflake operators. 

> Snowpark requires Python 3.8, while [Astro runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-image-architecture) uses Python 3.9. The ExternalPythonOperator will run your Snowpark query in a Python 3.8 virtual environment, allowing you to use a different Python version for your task than in the Airflow environment. You can use these same general steps for any use case for running a task in a reusable Python virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowpark requires Python 3.8, while the [Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-image-architecture) uses Python 3.9. The ExternalPythonOperator can run your Snowpark query in a Python 3.8 virtual environment, allowing you to use a different Python version for your task than in the Airflow environment. You can use these same general steps for any use case for running a task in a reusable Python virtual environment.
```

    ;
    ```

> ## Step 3: Configure your Astro project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Configure your Astro project
```

    $ astro dev init
    ```

2. Add a new file to the root folder of your project called `snowpark-requirements.txt` and add the following text:

    ```text
    snowflake-snowpark-python[pandas]
    apache-airflow
    psycopg2-binary
    apache-airflow-providers-snowflake
    ```

>     The packages in this file will be installed in your virtual environment. The `snowflake-snowpark-python` package is required to run Snowpark queries. The other packages are required to access an Airflow connection to Snowflake from within the virtual environment. If you are using a different method of connecting to Snowflake, such as a secrets manager or managing secrets locally, you can update or remove these lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These packages are installed in your virtual environment. Snowpark requires the `snowflake-snowpark-python` package to run queries. Airflow uses the other packages to connect with Snowflake from the virtual environment. If you use a different method to connect with Snowflake, such as a secrets manager or managing secrets locally, you can update or remove these lines.
```

Author: Didn't accept this one because saying "Airflow uses the other packages" isn't technically accurate here. The virtual environment exists on its own, separate to Airflow, but in this example we want the task running in the virtual env to leverage a connection that's defined in Airflow, so we have to actually install Airflow in the virtual env to make that available. So it's really the virtual environment using those packages to be able to access a Snowflake connection defined in Airflow. 

Similarly, it's not Snowpark that requires the python package, it's your Airflow task that needs that package in order to run a Snowpark query. But saying "Airflow requires the `snowflake-snowpark-python` package...." sounds odd to me, because that package isn't an Airflow-specific thing, it's a general Python package for any time you're using Python to run a snowpark query, regardless of how you're executing that Python code.

Reviewer: Ah got it! These edits were to address the passive voice structure "B is required" vs "A requires B to complete C and D" It just stands out to me because this section has 3 passive voice structures in a row and that made it hard for me to parse the actor/action/object relationships. It was super common/encouraged in science/ tech writing for a really long time, but it gets tricky in docs for new learners or folks who are working in English.

```suggestion
    The packages in this file will be installed in your virtual environment. Your Airflow task requires the `snowflake-snowpark-python` package to run Snowpark queries in the virtual environment.  Your virtual environment uses the other packages to access the Snowflake connection you defined in Airflow. If you are using a different method of connecting to Snowflake, such as a secrets manager or managing secrets locally, you can update or remove these lines.
```

3. Add the following to your `packages.txt` file:

    ```text
    build-essential
    ```

4. Update the `Dockerfile` of your Astro project to install `pyenv` and its requirements using Astronomer's Docker BuildKit frontend for Airflow:

    ```docker
    # syntax=quay.io/astronomer/airflow-extensions:v1

    FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:7.2.0-base

    PYENV 3.8 snowpark snowpark-requirements.txt
    ```

    These commands install `pyenv` in your Airflow environment and create a Python 3.8 virtual environment called `snowpark` with the required packages to run Snowpark. The `pyenv` environment is initialized when you start your Airflow project and can be used by any ExternalPythonOperator tasks. 

>     Creating a `pyenv` environment within your Airflow project requires installing multiple os-level packages and a series of Docker commands. The open source [Astro BuildKit](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-provider-venv) greatly simplifies this process and allows you to create a Python virtual environment with only two lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Creating a `pyenv` environment in your Airflow project requires installing multiple operating system level packages and a series of Docker commands. The open source [Astro BuildKit](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-provider-venv) simplifies this process and allows you to create a Python virtual environment with only two lines of code.
```

    $ astro dev init
    ```

2. Add a new file to the root folder of your project called `snowpark-requirements.txt` and add the following text:

    ```text
    snowflake-snowpark-python[pandas]
    apache-airflow
    psycopg2-binary
    apache-airflow-providers-snowflake
    ```

    The packages in this file will be installed in your virtual environment. The `snowflake-snowpark-python` package is required to run Snowpark queries. The other packages are required to access an Airflow connection to Snowflake from within the virtual environment. If you are using a different method of connecting to Snowflake, such as a secrets manager or managing secrets locally, you can update or remove these lines.

3. Update the `Dockerfile` of your Astro project to install `pyenv` and its requirements using Astronomer's Docker BuildKit frontend for Airflow:

    ```docker
    # syntax=quay.io/astronomer/airflow-extensions:v1

    FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:7.2.0-base

    PYENV 3.8 snowpark snowpark-requirements.txt

>     ```

Reviewer 2: I got a Docker build error when trying this with `FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:7.4.2-base` and with `FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:7.4.2`.

the last bits of the error:

```text
#25 65.32       C compiler or Python headers are not installed on this system. Try to run:
#25 65.32       sudo apt-get install gcc python3-dev
#25 65.32       error: command 'gcc' failed: No such file or directory
#25 65.32       [end of output]
#25 65.32   
#25 65.32   note: This error originates from a subprocess, and is likely not a problem with pip.
#25 65.32   ERROR: Failed building wheel for psutil
```

I was able to fix it by including 
`build-essential` in `packages.txt`.

Author: huh...odd that I didn't get that error, and it's not mentioned in the snowpark example in the readme. My inclination is to add it as a step because it won't hurt anything? Seems like it would be confusing to say "if you get this weird error, do this other thing" without knowing exactly what env stuff causes it.

> 

Reviewer 2: for the note just above: it took about 3 or 4 minutes for me. Is 20min still expected for slower hardware?

Author: Good question. I don't _think_ it should take that long, but I'd be inclined to leave the note in just in case. Seems like no harm if folks don't encounter that.

  :::

> ## Step 4: Create a connection to Snowflake

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Create a connection to Snowflake
```

1. In the Airflow UI, go to **Admin** -> **Connections** and click **+**.

2. Create a new connection named `snowflake_default` and choose the `Snowflake` connection type. Enter the following information:

    - [Schema](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-schema.html): Your Snowflake schema.
    - Login: Your Snowflake login username.
    - Password: Your Snowflake password.
    - Account: Your Snowflake account in the format `xy12345`.
    - [Database](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-database.html): Your Snowflake database.
    - Region: Your Snowflake region, for example `us-east-1`.

    Your connection should look something like the screenshot below.

    ![Snowflake connection](/img/guides/snowflake_tutorial_connection.png)

> ## Step 5: Create your DAG

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Create your DAG
```

In your Astro project `dags` folder, create a new file called `external-python-pipeline.py`. Paste the following code into the file:

<CodeBlock language="python">{external_python_operator}</CodeBlock>

> This DAG prints the context of your Airflow environment before using the `@task.external_python` decorator to run a Snowpark query in the virtual environment you created in [Step 3](#step-3-configure-your-astro-project).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This DAG prints the context of your Airflow environment before using the `@task.external_python` decorator to run a Snowpark query in the virtual environment you created in [Step 2](#step-2-configure-your-astro-project).
```

> ## Step 6: Run your DAG to execute your Snowpark query in a virtual environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Run your DAG to execute your Snowpark query in a virtual environment
```

  :::

## Step 3: Create a connection to Snowflake

> 1. In the Airflow UI, go to **Admin** -> **Connections** and click **+**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Airflow UI, go to **Admin** > **Connections** and click **+**.
```

2. Create a new connection named `snowflake_default` and choose the `Snowflake` connection type. Enter the following information:

    - [Schema](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-schema.html): Your Snowflake schema.
    - Login: Your Snowflake login username.
    - Password: Your Snowflake password.
    - Account: Your Snowflake account in the format `xy12345`.
    - [Database](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-database.html): Your Snowflake database.
    - Region: Your Snowflake region, for example `us-east-1`.

>     Your connection should look something like the screenshot below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following example shows an Airflow Connection configuration in the Airflow UI.
```

    ![Snowflake connection](/img/guides/snowflake_tutorial_connection.png)

## Step 4: Create your DAG

In your Astro project `dags` folder, create a new file called `external-python-pipeline.py`. Paste the following code into the file:

<CodeBlock language="python">{external_python_operator}</CodeBlock>

This DAG prints the context of your Airflow environment before using the `@task.external_python` decorator to run a Snowpark query in the virtual environment you created in [Step 2](#step-2-configure-your-astro-project).

## Step 5: Run your DAG to execute your Snowpark query in a virtual environment

> Go to the Airflow UI, unpause your `py_virtual_env` DAG and trigger it to run your Snowpark query in an isolated Python virtual environment. Open your tasks logs to see the results of your query printed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the Airflow UI, unpause your `py_virtual_env` DAG, and trigger it to run your Snowpark query in an isolated Python virtual environment. Open your tasks logs to see the results of your query printed:
```
